Add a Login API changelog (#249)
vippsas/vipps-login-api: CHANGELOG.md

<!-- START_METADATA
---
title: Login API changelog
sidebar_label: Changelog
sidebar_position: 200
pagination_next: null
pagination_prev: null
---
END_METADATA -->

# Changelog

All notable changes to the current API will be documented in this file.
To learn about API versioning, see
[Common topics: API Lifecycle](https://developer.vippsmobilepay.com/docs/vipps-developers/common-topics/api-lifecycle/).

> ## January 2022
> 
> Vipps Login support for logging in directly from phone number and QR code.
> 
> ## September 2021
> 
> Vipps Login support for authentication/registration outside of browser/app (CIBA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## January 2023

Removed QR code login flow

## September 2021

Vipps Login support for logging in directly from phone number (CIBA) and QR code.
```

## February 2021

### Launched Vipps Login API version 2

To have a unified way of providing user information across Vipps services
we are standardizing the data formats, both within Vipps and with the OIDC standard.

### Other improvements

The merchant can choose whether the user should be automatically returned
to the browser after completing the authentication Vipps.
We have also added a specific flow for integrations with native apps.

> ## December 2020
> 
> Vipps Login now lets merchants control the login experience on phones: The
> merchant can choose whether the user should be automatically taken back to the
> browser after completing an authentication in the Vipps app.
> We have also added a specific flow for integrations with apps.
> 
> To have a unified way of providing user information across Vipps services
> we are standardizing the data formats, both within Vipps and with the OIDC standard.
> To do this we have been required to introduce a new version of our Vipps login API.

Reviewer: Duplicated above.
```suggestion
```
